Rettelse PR (#62)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/introduction/contributions.tex

> These questions also emphasize the contributions this paper brings.

Author: ```suggestion
These goals also emphasize the contributions of this paper.
```

> We implement a method for creating an adjacency matrix for running \gls{pr}, with no previous connections given between the nodes.

Author: ```suggestion
We implement a method for constructing an adjacency matrix to be able to run \gls{pr}, with no previous information given about connections between the nodes.
```

This is done by calculating the topic similarity between each document, using Jensen-Shannon distance, and using these as the elements in the matrix.

> We also suggest ways to calculate the performance of an \gls{ir} model which has to find both specific documents and documents that have a general topic.

Author: ```suggestion
We also suggest ways to calculate the performance of an \gls{ir} model which has to find both specific documents and documents that share a general topic.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also suggest ways to measure the performance of an \gls{ir} method which has to find both specific documents and documents that share a specific topic.
```
